0dyseus@ArgosForCinnamon                        @Odyseus
0dyseus@CustomCinnamonMenu                      @Odyseus
0dyseus@DesktopHandler                          @Odyseus
0dyseus@ExtensionsManager                       @Odyseus
0dyseus@PopupTranslator                         @Odyseus
0dyseus@QuickMenu                               @Odyseus
0dyseus@SimpleToDoList                          @Odyseus
0dyseus@SysmonitorByOrcus                       @Odyseus
0dyseus@WallpaperChangerApplet                  @Odyseus
0dyseus@window-list-fork                        @Odyseus
a4techTool@mous                                 @none
acerhk-ctl@mcnielcho.org                        @none
AutostartPrograms@spacy01                       @spacy01
axos88@countdown-timer                          @axos88
back-up_state@natsakis.com                      @none
bash-sensors@pkkk                               @pkkk
batterymonitor@pdcurtis                         @pdcurtis
betterlock                                      @none
bettersettings@bownz                            @none
BgRadio@spacy01                                 @spacy01
binaryclock@entelechy                           @none
brightness-and-gamma-applet@cardsurf            @cardsurf
brightness@markbokil.com                        @none
bumblebee@marmistrz                             @marmistrz
bumblebee@pdcurtis                              @pdcurtis
calendar@simonwiles.net                         @simonwiles
cheaty@centurix                                 @centurix
Cinnamenu@json                                  @jaszhix
cinnamon-multi-line-taskbar-applet              @none
cinnamon-utils-menu@pithdillinja                @none
CinnVIIStarkMenu@NikoKrause                     @NikoKrause
clipboard-qr@wrouesnel                          @wrouesnel
collapsible-systray@feuerfuchs.eu               @feuerfuchs
color-picker@fmete                              @fmete
commandLauncher@scollins                        @collinss
CommandRunner@appdevsw                          @none
computer@brownsr                                @brownsr
cpufreq@mtwebster                               @none
cpu-monitor-text@gnemonix                       @gnemonix
ctrl4docker@hoffis-eck.de                       @none
CustomApplicationsMenu@LLOBERA                  @LLOBERA
devutils@fogl                                   @none
diaspora-notif@douze12                          @none
display@jtsagata                                @none
download-and-upload-speed@cardsurf              @cardsurf
extensions@dalcde                               @none
Favorites@bownz                                 @none
feeds@jonbrettdev.wordpress.com                 @jake1164
force-quit@cinnamon.org                         @none
github-projects@morgan-design.com               @jamesmorgan
gmail@lauritsriple                              @lauritsriple
gpaste-reloaded@feuerfuchs.eu                   @feuerfuchs
gputemperature@silentage.com                    @none
graphicsCenter@scollins                         @collinss
HabitRPGApplet                                  @none
hamster@projecthamster.wordpress.com            @none
hideable-applets@cardsurf                       @cardsurf
host-entries@hoffis-eck.de                      @none
hwmonitor@sylfurd                               @none
IcingTaskManager@json                           @jaszhix
IcingWindowSaver@json                           @jaszhix
ifstat@tagadan                                  @none
ink-level-monitor@r0p01ach                      @none
ioDisk@ctrlesc                                  @none
jalalicalendar@mohammad-sn                      @mohammad-sn
jenkins@backuity.org                            @vitaliis
launchers-draggable-switch@r0p01ach             @none
localip@mrieracrespi                            @none
localipswithsettings@edaubert                   @edaubert
location-detection@heimdall                     @none
logout@martin                                   @martin
lookingglass-restart@markbokil.com              @none
lorem@vxstorm                                   @none
mailnagapplet@ozderya.net                       @hyOzd
mem-monitor-text@datanom.net                    @none
menu@csknet.org                                 @none
MessagingMenuV3@blub                            @none
montrer-le-bureau@cannelle.org                  @none
multicore-sys-monitor@ccadeptic23               @jaszhix
mybookmarks@markbokil.com                       @none
mylauncher@markbokil.com                        @none
netctlstatus@prmurthy                           @prmurthy
netctlsystraymenu@prmurthy                      @prmurthy
netusagemonitor@pdcurtis                        @pdcurtis
network@brownsr                                 @brownsr
nvidiaprime@pdcurtis                            @pdcurtis
officeCenter@scollins                           @collinss
pa-equalizer@jschug.com                         @jschug.com
panel-separator-icon@mordant23                  @mordant23
path-monitor@kamikaze                           @none
PDFManager@cinnamon.org                         @none
places-bookmarks@dmo60.de                       @none
placesCenter@scollins                           @collinss
places-with-terminal@mtwebster                  @none
pomodoro@gregfreeman.org                        @gfreeau
power-off@martin                                @martin
printers@linux-man                              @linux-man
profile-switcher@pixunil                        @pixunil
QuitApplet@bownz                                @none
rancher@centurix                                @centurix
restart-cinnamon@kolle                          @none
rprego@rprego.com                               @none
rwall@typicalfoobar                             @none
sane-menu@nooulaif                              @none
screen-inhibit@mtwebster                        @none
ScreenLocker@tuuxx                              @tuuxx
ScreenShot+RecordDesktop@tech71                 @none
ScreenShot@tech71                               @none
scripts@paucapo.com                             @none
search@bownz                                    @none
search-box@mtwebster                            @none
separator2@zyzz                                 @zyzz
serviceLauncher@hulygun                         @hulygun
sessionManager@scollins                         @collinss
SettingsPlus@lusito.info                        @none
ShellTools@abgoyal                              @jaszhix
show-hide-applets@mohammad-sn                   @mohammad-sn
ShutdownApplet@DeathMD                          @DeathMD
ShutdownApplet@shelley                          @shelley
ShutdownMenuWithIcons@LLOBERA                   @LLOBERA
shutdown-timer@webum.by                         @none
slingshot@jfarthing84                           @jfarthing84
smallcalc_applet@lerc.sds                       @lerc
smogwawelski@pamsoft.pl                         @pamsoft.pl
soft-numlock@d5xtgr                             @d5xtgr
softyubikey@yubiserver.include.gr               @none
sound-with-apps-volume@koutch                   @koutch
sports-update@pavanred                          @none
sshlauncher@sumo                                @sumo
stackoverflow-questions-notifier@higuaro        @higuaro
stevedore@centurix                              @centurix
sticky@scollins                                 @collinss
stocks@adonut                                   @adonut
stopwatch@pdcurtis                              @pdcurtis
suspend@janax                                   @janax
SW++@mohammad-sn                                @mohammad-sn
sysmenu@tuxuls@gmail.com                        @none
sysmonitor@orcus                                @orcuscz
system-monitor@ebbes                            @ebbes
system-monitor@pixunil                          @pixunil
system-monitor@spacy01                          @spacy01
systray-collapsible@koutch                      @koutch
temperature@fevimu                              @none
text-to-speech-applet@cardsurf                  @cardsurf
tfmKeyboard@alexpp                              @alexpp
ThemeRefresh@JosephM                            @none
timeout@narutrey                                @narutrey
timer-notifications@markbokil.com               @none
titleBar@errt                                   @none
todo@threefi                                    @none
toggle_LookingGlass@kolle                       @none
TouchpadIndicatorClassic@lusito.info            @none
tracker@glebihan                                @glebihan
turbonote@iksws.com.br                          @iksws
turn-off-monitor@zablotski                      @zablotski
uptime@vatanuki.kun                             @none
usertile@uszaty                                 @uszaty
vboxlauncher@mockturtl                          @mockturtl
vnstat@linuxmint.com                            @none
weather@mockturtl                               @mockturtl
web-developer-menu@infiniteshroom               @infiniteshroom
website-notifier@cardsurf                       @cardsurf
windowButtons@lippy                             @lippy
window-buttons-with-title2@hanspr               @hanspr
window-buttons-with-title@fmete                 @fmete
windowlist@cobinja.de                           @Cobinja
WindowListGroup@jake.phy@gmail.com              @none
Window-List-Hotkey@HenryNugraha                 @none
window-list@mdcb.github                         @none
window-list@zeripath.sdf-eu.org                 @zeripath
windows-quick-list-with-close-button@koutch     @koutch
windowTitle2@hanspr                             @hanspr
windowTitle@rymate1234                          @rymate1234
workspace-grid@hernejj                          @hernejj
workspace-name@willurd                          @willurd
xampp-panel@backids99                           @backids99
